## UFO and Alien - Booker Martin
This UFO is scanning its newly generated pyramid with its layered, 360 rotating tractor beam (one clockwise and one counter-clockwise). If you click the screen, you can see the entire pyramid levitate! The UFO also turns 360 slowly, showcasing the little green man behind the wheel- er, thruster? The cockpit bubble and tractor beams are wireframe while the remaining parts of the UFO and alien are solid. You can also see the UFO is hovering slightly up and down. And to think the ancient Egyptians took all the credit!
## Grapes - Halle Vogelpohl
These versatile fruits earned their title as one of the 7 Wonders of The World due to their majestic dancing abilities: They can traverse the sky in an eerily synchronized fashion, rave like it's the 90's, and rotate like the classic Ferris Wheel-- then return back to their choreographic trance with the toggle of a few buttons. In short, these grapes serve as an omen to postmodern dance, millenia before the style rose to popularity.
## Sphinx, Pyramids, Mummy and Background - Veronica Backer-Peral
Leonardo DaVinci may have painted the Mona Lisa to appear as if her eyes move, but if you look closely at the Sphinx of Giza you will see that her eyes really do move, following your every step. Watch out — if you make any wrong moves, you might unleash an ancient curse, animating the Sphinx into a viscious monster ready to attack and alert the Pharoah's mummy of your presence.
## Shepherd - Andrew Seaman
The shepherd may not look like much on the surface, but when the aliens first visited ancient Egypt they bestowed upon him the power of flight.  He has been practicing flying every other weekend, and has perfected his turn radius.  However, sometimes he feels like something or someone from outside of this world is controlling his flight pattern.
