## Booker Martin
Booker's personal contributions include the Extrude 3D geometry, the rotation matrix, and the UFO and alien in the final demo scene as well as the ability to load scenes from JSONs. In addition to coming to all group meetings and assisting with the general code and design, he helped work on the code for colorByFaces and colorByVertex. He also added the basis for extrude lighting and helped debug lighting and fix the face mappings on 3D geometries such as spheres.
## Veronica Backer-Peral
Veronica individually worked on the Cone geometry, scale matrix, and Sphinx and pyramids in the final scene, as well as adding a test suite for the Geometries libraries. Alongside her team members, she worked on implementing successful grouping, lighting, normal vectors and camera movements, as well as setting up the Matrix Library, and actively participated during group meetings.
## Ian Green
Ian worked personally on the Lathe 3D geometry (and used this to make a quick cylinder), translation matrix, and the camels. In addition, Ian added the RotationAboutPoint matrix. Ian also refactored the library to cache normals and vertices upon load, adding 6 caches per object (4 for normals; 2 for caches). Ian combined the colour code into `.colors` to better error handle and make one function for all color assignments. In more obscure terms, Ian was essential to the JS side of coding, setting up many of the objects and functions that were used later and debugging a variety of JS issues. And, he was helpful in all group meetings. 
